adding reference to an IETF page (#97)
oauthstuff/draft-selective-disclosure-jwt: README.md

Written in markdown for the [mmark processor](https://github.com/mmarkdown/mmark).

This is a GitHub repository for a draft specification in [IETF OAuth WG](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/draft-fett-oauth-selective-disclosure-jwt/)

> For a latest version of an htmlized draft, please see https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/draft-fett-selective-disclosure-jwt

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the latest version of the IETF draft, please see https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/draft-fett-selective-disclosure-jwt

For the current version in this repository, see [main.md](main.md).
```
